#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pynacl
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
coverage[toml]==7.6.4
    # via pytest-cov
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   jsonfield
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-celeryutils==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via code-annotations
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==24.1
    # via pytest
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   freezegun
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via code-annotations
simplejson==3.19.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via -r requirements/test.in
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via sqlalchemy
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
